it's 2016 and wireless controllers have
been a thing for a long time on tonsils
I use a wireless Xbox controller for a
bunch of games but what about mice why
aren't we all using wireless mice for
gaming on PC I could just say it's
because between TV input lag and
cinematic frame rates console players
can't tell the difference anyway but
while that's actually part of the answer
the rest of it is actually less
offensive to console gamers and possibly
more interesting stay tuned
be quiet silent wings three use a
smooth-running six pull order to remain
silent and better cool your PC check
them out at the link below
back to our original question for a
moment if manufacturers have been
pushing wireless technology down our
throats for over 10 years now
why haven't cordless mice ever really
taken off outside of the office one
since they're Wireless they're gonna
need batteries and that means they can't
be all that light a couple of popular
gaming mice among competitive gamers
like the final Mouse the Logitech G pro
they're like seventy and eighty four
grams respectively but the G 900 and G
403 Wireless are both 107 grams that's
20% heavier than the G 403 wired version
with that said the bodies of other
respectable gaming mice like the Razer
DeathAdder and SteelSeries rival are
actually about the same so wireless mice
aren't in a different weight class
altogether except for the Mamba that is
a whale at 125 grams 2 batteries don't
just add weight they also add
inconvenience like wired mice never need
to be charged and while office grade
wireless mice can last months on a pair
of disposable batteries wireless gaming
mice because of their higher performance
hardware and higher polling rates need
to be charged several times a week
that's kind of inconvenient I I never do
it though some of them have handy docks
which is a bit more convenient than
plugging in a USB connector but it's it
takes up valuable desk space that I can
populate with action figures or Pop
Tarts and on the subject of valuable
three wireless mice are much more
expensive like while you can get good
wired gaming mice for like 20 to 30
dollars if you don't get fancy things
like RGB lighting the g4 o3 wireless
sits at $99 with higher-end models like
the G 900 and razer mamba they're gonna
cost you around 150 bucks
and what do you get for your money a
better gaming experience Johnno
what you get is problem number four more
input lag at least that used to be the
case like okay so far it sounds like
this entire video is going to be one
long hate session on wireless mice
because I'm somes kind of pretentious
Gaming Mouse purist but I've actually
been using the G 403 Wireless and this
was not an easy decision but unlike my
previous attempts to go wireless like
with the Razer Ouroboros this time I am
NOT going back so let's talk about why
while I don't have the scientific
apparatus to validate their claims
Logitech says their Wireless performance
is on par or better than wired mice and
does this look like a face that would
lie to you no but really I haven't seen
or felt anything to make me doubt that I
don't know this a delay in movement or
clicks and I haven't had it disconnect
wired mice I'll actually have this to
connect because I'll accidentally pull
out the cable and this thing this this
works even in my apartment with like
signals bouncing around everywhere from
neighbors and outside of like a crowded
LAN party that's probably the worst case
scenario for wireless products in
general so with no performance issues
not having to deal with a cable after so
many years of using a mouse bungee or
we're taping it to my desk or wrapping
it around the lamp
it's just awesome I love lightweight
mice but I feel like trading some weight
for a more full range of motion to make
flick shots without knocking over it's
finally worth it and while this doesn't
solve all of my wireless complaints like
I forget to charge my mouse constantly
because I'm a bit of a scatterbrain I
haven't had it died on me yet because a
full charge lasts about twenty-five
hours of constant use and I can't play
constantly for twenty-five hours and
when it gets low it tells you to plug in
I just forget but it still works
okay but I don't expect you to take my
word for it entirely like I'm I'm not a
filthy casual like Linus or whatever but
there's a reason why people including
myself look to the pros and wonder what
are they using to win tournaments and
you know who just want to turn them in
using the g43 Wireless cloud nines
automatic
they beat SK in the ESL pro league
finals and he was if you ignore the
salty salty Brazilian SK fans he was the
real MVP of the tournament new Mouse big
victory coincidence maybe but I think
the only reasonable conclusion is that
Wireless is the future okay so when all
that said not all Wireless is created
equal so for the time being the answer
is a bit more complicated you may have
noticed that this video started out as
Wired vs. Wireless and ended up mostly
being about Blodgett XP 403 and G 900
the reason for that is that I just can't
recommend the other solutions the G 900s
price might be off-putting and you might
not like the ambidextrous shape and
design the g4 3 Wireless is a cheaper
more mainstream option but it still
comes at a price and weight premium over
the wired version I still think they're
worth it but some people don't two
options can't really kill off Wired
gaming mice but they're proof that the
technology is here and it's ready are
you ready for wireless mice let us know
in the comments below
ting is the mobile carrier that is
focused on customer service and customer
satisfaction
first you can call them and speak
directly to a real living person and
with thing you only pay for what you use
the average ting bill is only $23 per
month per device if you're currently
stuck in a contract you can switch the
ting and they will cover 25% of your
cancellation fee up to $75 and over to
Linus ENCOM today and try out their
savings calculator
here to see what you can save thanks for
watching guys if this video sucks you
know what to do I know you know it's do
and unfortunately but if it was awesome
get subscribed hit that like button or
check out the link to where you can buy
this stuff we featured at Amazon in the
video description also linked in the
description is our merch store which has
cool shirts that aren't this but you
know they have stuff on them so that
might be cool to you and you can find
our community forum which you should
totally join now that you're done doing
all that stuff you're probably wondering
what do I watch next click that button
in the corner over here where there will
probably be something for you to watch
probably on channel super fun yeah dolls
I don't know I main action figures I
don't play with dolls I don't know why I
said dolls No